kalliope/tts/voicerss/README.md, before:

### Voicerss

This TTS is based on the [VoiceRSS engine](http://www.voicerss.org/)

Official Documentation : http://www.voicerss.org/api/documentation.aspx

| Parameters   | Required | Default              | Choices                                                                          | Comment                                         |
|--------------|----------|----------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------|
| language     | YES      |                      | 26 languages (http://www.voicerss.org/api/documentation.aspx), example : "fr-fr" | Languages are identified by the LCID string     |
| key          | YES      |                      |                                                                                  | register in the official website to get API key |
| rate         | NO       | 0                    |  any int                                                                         | Audio Rate                                      |
| codec        | NO       | 'MP3'                | 'MP3', 'WAV', 'AAC', 'OGG', 'CAF'                                                | Audio Codecs                                    |
| audio_format | NO       | '44khz_16bit_stereo' | 51 choices (http://www.voicerss.org/api/documentation.aspx), '8khz_8bit_mono'    | Audio formats                                   |
| ssml         | NO       |  False               | True / False                                                                     | True if you want ssml (only upgraded plans)     |
| base64       | NO       |  False               | True / False                                                                     | True if you want base64                         |
| ssl          | NO       |  False               | True / False                                                                     | True if you want ssl                            |
| cache        | NO       |  True                | True / False                                                                     | True if you want to use the cache with this TTS |

### Notes

limitations : 100KB per request

The Free edition is limited to 350 daily requests. 
Possibility to [upgrade the plan](http://www.voicerss.org/personel/upgrade.aspx)

Commit message:

add a note about python 3 issue

kalliope/tts/voicerss/README.md, after:

### Voicerss

This TTS is based on the [VoiceRSS engine](http://www.voicerss.org/). [Official Documentation here](http://www.voicerss.org/api/documentation.aspx)

> **Note:** This TTS engine do not work so far on python 3. This is due to the underlaying lib. We've proposed a fix to the project. 
You can follow the progress [here](https://bitbucket.org/daycoder/cachingutil/pull-requests/1/fix-python3-packages-paths/diff).

| Parameters   | Required | Default              | Choices                                                                          | Comment                                         |
|--------------|----------|----------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------|
| language     | YES      |                      | 26 languages (http://www.voicerss.org/api/documentation.aspx), example : "fr-fr" | Languages are identified by the LCID string     |
| key          | YES      |                      |                                                                                  | register in the official website to get API key |
| rate         | NO       | 0                    |  any int                                                                         | Audio Rate                                      |
| codec        | NO       | 'MP3'                | 'MP3', 'WAV', 'AAC', 'OGG', 'CAF'                                                | Audio Codecs                                    |
| audio_format | NO       | '44khz_16bit_stereo' | 51 choices (http://www.voicerss.org/api/documentation.aspx), '8khz_8bit_mono'    | Audio formats                                   |
| ssml         | NO       |  False               | True / False                                                                     | True if you want ssml (only upgraded plans)     |
| base64       | NO       |  False               | True / False                                                                     | True if you want base64                         |
| ssl          | NO       |  False               | True / False                                                                     | True if you want ssl                            |
| cache        | NO       |  True                | True / False                                                                     | True if you want to use the cache with this TTS |

### Notes

limitations : 100KB per request

The Free edition is limited to 350 daily requests. 
Possibility to [upgrade the plan](http://www.voicerss.org/personel/upgrade.aspx)
