Docs/neuron_list.md, before:

# List of available neuron

A neuron is a module that will perform some actions attached to an order. You can use it in your synapses. See the [complete neuron documentation](neurons.md) for more information.

| Name                                               | Description                                                                             |
|----------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [ansible_playbook](../kalliope/neurons/ansible_playbook/)   | Run an ansible playbook                                                                 |
| [gmail_checker](../kalliope/neurons/gmail_checker/)         | Get the number of unread email and their subjects from a gmail account                  |
| [kill_switch](../kalliope/neurons/kill_switch/)             | Stop Kalliope process                                                                   |
| [neurotransmitter](../kalliope/neurons/neurotransmitter/)   | Link synapse together                                                                   |
| [push_message](../kalliope/neurons/push_message/)           | Send a push message to a remote device like Android/iOS/Windows Phone or Chrome browser |
| [rss_reader](../kalliope/neurons/rss_reader/)               | Get items from a RSS feed                                                               |
| [say](../kalliope/neurons/say/)                             | Make Kalliope talk by using TTS                                                         |
| [script](../kalliope/neurons/script/)                       | Run an executable script                                                                |
| [shell](../kalliope/neurons/shell/)                         | Run a shell command                                                                     |
| [sleep](../kalliope/neurons/sleep/)                         | Make Kalliope sleep for a while before continuing                                       |
| [systemdate](../kalliope/neurons/systemdate/)               | Give the local system date and time                                                     |
| [tasker_autoremote](../kalliope/neurons/tasker_autoremote/) | Send a message to Android tasker app                                                    |
| [twitter](../kalliope/neurons/twitter/)                     | Send a Twit from kalliope                                                               |
| [uri](../kalliope/neurons/uri/)                             | Interacts with HTTP and HTTPS web services.                                             |
| [wake_on_lan](../kalliope/neurons/wake_on_lan/)             | Wake on lan a computer                                                                  |
| [wikipedia_searcher](../kalliope/neurons/wikipedia/)        | Search for a page on Wikipedia                                                          |

Commit message:

Add list available orders neuron

Docs/neuron_list.md, after:

# List of available neuron

A neuron is a module that will perform some actions attached to an order. You can use it in your synapses. See the [complete neuron documentation](neurons.md) for more information.

| Name                                                       | Description                                                                             |
|------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [ansible_playbook](../neurons/ansible_playbook/)           | Run an ansible playbook                                                                 |
| [gmail_checker](../neurons/gmail_checker/)                 | Get the number of unread email and their subjects from a gmail account                  |
| [kill_switch](../neurons/kill_switch/)                     | Stop Kalliope process                                                                   |
| [neurotransmitter](../neurons/neurotransmitter/)           | Link synapse together                                                                   |
| [push_message](../neurons/push_message/)                   | Send a push message to a remote device like Android/iOS/Windows Phone or Chrome browser |
| [say](../neurons/say/)                                     | Make Kalliope talk by using TTS                                                         |
| [script](../neurons/script/)                               | Run an executable script                                                                |
| [shell](../neurons/shell/)                                 | Run a shell command                                                                     |
| [sleep](../neurons/sleep/)                                 | Make Kalliope sleep for a while before continuing                                       |
| [systemdate](../neurons/systemdate/)                       | Give the local system date and time                                                     |
| [tasker_autoremote](../neurons/tasker_autoremote/)         | Send a message to Android tasker app                                                    |
| [twitter](../neurons/twitter/)                             | Send a Twit from kalliope                                                               |
| [uri](../neurons/uri/)                                     | Interacts with HTTP and HTTPS web services.                                             |
| [wake_on_lan](../neurons/wake_on_lan/)                     | Wake on lan a computer                                                                  |
| [wikipedia_searcher](../neurons/wikipedia/)                | Search for a page on Wikipedia                                                          |
| [list_available_orders](../neurons/list_available_orders/) | List all available orders on Kalliope                                                   |
