Docs/trigger.md, before:

# Triggers

With Kalliope project, you can set whatever Hotword you want to wake it up. 


# Snowboy

You can create your magic word by connecting to [Snowboy](https://snowboy.kitt.ai/) and then download the trained model file.

Once downloaded:
- place the file in **trigger/snowboy/resources**.
- update the path in [your settings](settings.md).

If you want to keep "Kalliope" as the name of your bot, we recommend you to enhance the existing Snowboy model for your language.

We will update the following list with all Kalliope model created by the community. If the model doesn't exist, please create one with the following syntax:
```
kalliope-<language_code>
```

E.g
```
kalliope-en
```
Then, open an issue or create a pull request to add the model to the list bellow.

## List of available Snowboy Kalliope model

| Name                                                | language |
|-----------------------------------------------------|----------|
| [kalliope-fr](https://snowboy.kitt.ai/hotword/1363) | French   |

Commit message:

add EN model to snowboy list

Docs/trigger.md, after:

# Triggers

With Kalliope project, you can set whatever Hotword you want to wake it up. 


# Snowboy

You can create your magic word by connecting to [Snowboy](https://snowboy.kitt.ai/) and then download the trained model file.

Once downloaded:
- place the file in your config folder.
- update the path of **pmdl_file** in [your settings](settings.md).

If you want to keep "Kalliope" as the name of your bot, we recommend you to enhance the existing Snowboy model for your language.

We will update the following list with all Kalliope model created by the community. If the model doesn't exist, please create one with the following syntax:
```
kalliope-<language_code>
```

E.g
```
kalliope-FR
kalliope-EN
```
Then, open an issue or create a pull request to add the model to the list bellow.

## List of available Snowboy Kalliope model

| Name                                                | language |
|-----------------------------------------------------|----------|
| [kalliope-FR](https://snowboy.kitt.ai/hotword/1363) | French   |
| [kalliope-EN](https://snowboy.kitt.ai/hotword/2540) | English  |
