Docs/contributing/contribute_neuron.md, before:

# Contributing: Create a neuron

Neurons are independent projects so they can be developed under a github project. Anyone can clone them, place them under the neurons repository and reuse them.

Creating a new Neuron must follow some rules:

## Repository Structure
1. The Neuron repository name is in __lowercase__.
1. Under the Neuron repository, the Neuron has a __README.md file__ describing the Neuron following this structure. You can get a [template here](neuron_template.md):
    - Neuron name:
    - Installation:     The CLI command used to install the neuron
    - Synopsis:         Description of the Neuron
    - Options:          A table of the incoming parameters managed by the Neuron.
    - Return Values:    A table of the returned values which can be catched by the *say_template attribute*.
    - Synapses example: An example of how to use the Neuron inside a Synapse.
    - Notes:            Something which needs to be add.
1. Under the Neuron repository, include a __Tests repository__ to manage the test of the Neuron.
1. Under the neuron repository, a [dna.yml file](dna.md) must be added that contains information about the neuron. type = "neuron"
1. Under the neuron repository, a [install.yml file](installation_file.md) must be added that contains the installation process.


## Code
1. Under the Neuron repository, the Neuron file name .py is also in __lowercase__.
1. The Neuron must be coded in __Python 2.7__.
1. Under the Neuron repository, include the __init__.py file which contains: *from neuron import Neuron* (/!\ respect the Case)
1. Inside the Neuron file, the Neuron Class name is in __uppercase__.
1. The Neuron __inherits from the NeuronModule__ coming from the Core.

    ```python
    from core.NeuronModule import NeuronModule
    class Say(NeuronModule):
    ```


1. The Neuron has a constructor __init__ which is the entry point.
The constructor has a __**kwargs argument__ which is corresponding to the Dict of incoming variables:values defined either in the brain file or in the signal.
1. The Neuron must refer to its __parent structure__ in the init by calling the super of NeuronModule.

    ```Python
    def __init__(self, **kwargs):
        super(Say, self).__init__(**kwargs)
    ```

1. You must run unit tests with success before sending a pull request. Add new tests that cover the code you want to publish.
    ```bash
    cd /path/to/kalliope
    python -m unittest discover
    ```

1. (*optionnal-> good practice*) The Neuron can implement a __private method _is_parameters_ok(self)__ which checks if entries are ok. *return: true if parameters are ok, raise an exception otherwise*
1. (*optionnal-> good practice*) The Neuron can __import and raise exceptions__ coming from NeuronModule:
    - MissingParameterException: *Some Neuron parameters are missing.*
    - InvalidParameterException: *Some Neuron parameters are invalid.*

1. The Neuron can use a __self.say(message) method__ to speak out some return values using the *say_template* attribute in the brain file.
the message variable must be a Dict of variable:values where variables can be defined as output.

1. The Neuron must (as much as possible) ensure the i18n. This means that they should __not manage a specific language__ inside its own logic.
Only [Synapse](brain.md) by the use of [Order](signals.md) must interact with the languages. This allow a Neuron to by reused by anyone, speaking any language.


## Code example

Example of neuron structure
```
myneuron/
├── __init__.py
├── myneuron.py
├── dna.yml
├── install.yml
├── README.md
└── tests
    ├── __init__.py
    └── test_myneuron.py
```

Example of neuron code
```python
class Myneuron(NeuronModule):
def __init__(self, **kwargs):
    super(Myneuron, self).__init__(**kwargs)
    # the args from the neuron configuration
    self.arg1 = kwargs.get('arg1', None)
    self.arg2 = kwargs.get('arg2', None)

    # check if parameters have been provided
    if self._is_parameters_ok():
        # -------------------
        # do amazing code
        # -------------------

def _is_parameters_ok(self):
    """
    Check if received parameters are ok to perform operations in the neuron
    :return: true if parameters are ok, raise an exception otherwise

    .. raises:: MissingParameterException
    """
    if self.arg1 is None:
        raise MissingParameterException("You must specify a arg1")
    if not isinstance(self.arg2, int):
        raise MissingParameterException("arg2 must be an integer")
    return True
```

Commit message:

Update contribute_neuron doc
added remark that global variables are not available in neuron

Docs/contributing/contribute_neuron.md, after:

# Contributing: Create a neuron

Neurons are independent projects so they can be developed under a github project. Anyone can clone them, place them under the neurons repository and reuse them.

Creating a new Neuron must follow some rules:

## Repository Structure
1. The Neuron repository name is in __lowercase__.
1. Under the Neuron repository, the Neuron has a __README.md file__ describing the Neuron following this structure. You can get a [template here](neuron_template.md):
    - Neuron name:
    - Installation:     The CLI command used to install the neuron
    - Synopsis:         Description of the Neuron
    - Options:          A table of the incoming parameters managed by the Neuron.
    - Return Values:    A table of the returned values which can be catched by the *say_template attribute*.
    - Synapses example: An example of how to use the Neuron inside a Synapse.
    - Notes:            Something which needs to be add.
1. Under the Neuron repository, include a __Tests repository__ to manage the test of the Neuron.
1. Under the neuron repository, a [dna.yml file](dna.md) must be added that contains information about the neuron. type = "neuron"
1. Under the neuron repository, a [install.yml file](installation_file.md) must be added that contains the installation process.


## Code
1. Under the Neuron repository, the Neuron file name .py is also in __lowercase__.
1. The Neuron must be coded in __Python 2.7__.
1. Under the Neuron repository, include the __init__.py file which contains: *from neuron import Neuron* (/!\ respect the Case)
1. Inside the Neuron file, the Neuron Class name is in __uppercase__.
1. The Neuron __inherits from the NeuronModule__ coming from the Core.

    ```python
    from core.NeuronModule import NeuronModule
    class Say(NeuronModule):
    ```


1. The Neuron has a constructor __init__ which is the entry point.
The constructor has a __**kwargs argument__ which is corresponding to the Dict of incoming variables:values defined either in the brain file or in the signal. Global variables are not available. They must be defined as variable in the brain file (synapse definition).
1. The Neuron must refer to its __parent structure__ in the init by calling the super of NeuronModule.

    ```Python
    def __init__(self, **kwargs):
        super(Say, self).__init__(**kwargs)
    ```

1. You must run unit tests with success before sending a pull request. Add new tests that cover the code you want to publish.
    ```bash
    cd /path/to/kalliope
    python -m unittest discover
    ```

1. (*optionnal-> good practice*) The Neuron can implement a __private method _is_parameters_ok(self)__ which checks if entries are ok. *return: true if parameters are ok, raise an exception otherwise*
1. (*optionnal-> good practice*) The Neuron can __import and raise exceptions__ coming from NeuronModule:
    - MissingParameterException: *Some Neuron parameters are missing.*
    - InvalidParameterException: *Some Neuron parameters are invalid.*

1. The Neuron can use a __self.say(message) method__ to speak out some return values using the *say_template* attribute in the brain file.
the message variable must be a Dict of variable:values where variables can be defined as output.

1. The Neuron must (as much as possible) ensure the i18n. This means that they should __not manage a specific language__ inside its own logic.
Only [Synapse](brain.md) by the use of [Order](signals.md) must interact with the languages. This allow a Neuron to by reused by anyone, speaking any language.


## Code example

Example of neuron structure
```
myneuron/
├── __init__.py
├── myneuron.py
├── dna.yml
├── install.yml
├── README.md
└── tests
    ├── __init__.py
    └── test_myneuron.py
```

Example of neuron code
```python
class Myneuron(NeuronModule):
def __init__(self, **kwargs):
    super(Myneuron, self).__init__(**kwargs)
    # the args from the neuron configuration
    self.arg1 = kwargs.get('arg1', None)
    self.arg2 = kwargs.get('arg2', None)

    # check if parameters have been provided
    if self._is_parameters_ok():
        # -------------------
        # do amazing code
        # -------------------

def _is_parameters_ok(self):
    """
    Check if received parameters are ok to perform operations in the neuron
    :return: true if parameters are ok, raise an exception otherwise

    .. raises:: MissingParameterException
    """
    if self.arg1 is None:
        raise MissingParameterException("You must specify a arg1")
    if not isinstance(self.arg2, int):
        raise MissingParameterException("arg2 must be an integer")
    return True
```
